doc(release): prepare release notes for OSS 22.04 (#2823)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 22.04.17

> Release date: `November 17, 2023`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: `November 20, 2023`
```

#### Bug fixes

- [Ressources Status] Fixed list of resources when using h.alias filter.	

> - [Install] Fixed SQL permissions for centreon database user to work with MBI product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install] Fixed SQL permissions to allow the "centreon" database user to use MBI.
```

## Centreon Collect

### 22.04.5

> Release date: `November 17, 2023`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: `November 20, 2023`
```
